Schedule
08.00 - Registrations and breakfast
08.30 - Introduction speech.
09.00 - LET THE HACK BEGIN!
12.00 - Lunch
17.00 - Dinner
19.00 - Last line of code and guests arrive
19.30 - Presentations start
00.00 - The Nation Of Yamarill 
01.00 - We say goodbye :) :) :)
 
Details

We promise to keep you full and happy all day long, 
but if it’s something special that you like to eat or drink - make sure to bring it. 
The nearest shop is 20 min away.

Since the church dosen’t have wifi, we’ve set up 4G modems and hopefully everything will be running smooth. 
But it’s always good to be on the safe side. So, if you have an Internet connection - please bring it :)
Sharing is caring and when you do, please use the hashtag #sthlmstartuphack

The Hackathon
The venue is located at Kyrkslingan 2-4
You’ll have 10 hours to code. 
You’ll have 1 minute to present what you’ve built. 
Keynote presentations and videos are not allowed, only prototypes. 
When everyone have presented, the crowd will vote and a winner will be crowned.  
And don’t forget that we have a super pretty pretty price!

The Party
You’re all of course on the list for the party, 
if you’d like to bring friends - make sure to put them on the list - 
http://sthlmstartuphack.com and tell them to get there in time. 
We have a lot of space but also a lot of people signed up. 
When we’ve reached the max. capacity of the church, it’s full.  

We’ll be selling beer and wine for 20 kr a piece. 
Make sure to to pass an ATM on the way because cash is as usual king.
We’re super proud to be presenting The Nation Of Yamarill as our main act for the party, 
they’ll be putting on a dance battle of epic proportions. 
Make sure to keep your phones charged and your dancing shoes on 
(Here’s a sneak peak of what’s to come: http://vimeo.com/65571702)
If you have any questions, give us a shout!
 
All the best,
Martina, Jonny, Jocke, Rikard and Sebastian.
 
Ps. Psst! Take a black car to the event, Uber’s giving all of you a 50% discount when travelling to the church! Ds
